I have to tell you these are my
husband's absolute favorite and if I
want to get on the right side of him Oh
Christmas
this recipe will pretty much get him to
buy me anything I want so what I'm going
to do is I'm going to use some of that
brandy butter and I'm going to add that
in to about 2 kilograms of courage now
I'm roughly would imagine like about 75
grams of brandy butter in amongst the
carrots and then I'm going to add some
of last year's orange you crave sugar
that's going to infuse room even more
Christmas leanness if there is such a
word into this recipe so it's going to
be sweet and orangie and fruity one use
of me about Eccles cakes is that the
Puritans banned them for being too
decadent and think about this recipe
after prisons as well because we all end
up with a pot of leftover brandy butter
or rum butter after Christmas lurking at
the back of the fridge so this is a
perfect frugal January recipe just to
cheer up those post winter blues
so not difficult and just literally
mixing that in
so you can of course cut these into
circles with your pastry this is just
simply a bought sheet of ready rolled or
butter shortcrust pastry you can make
your own or you can buy one it really
really doesn't matter so I don't want to
waste into the pastry so I'm going to
cut these into sort of squares like so
and really this recipe gets you about
nine Eccles cakes but I'm going to make
mine six large ones because and then you
can pick that up in the palm of my hand
like so and I'm literally just going to
take those currents pop them into the
middle and then I'm really going to lose
this one little parcels and I'm
literally just going to fold my hand
together like that and shape it into a
necker's cake shape like so yeah a
little bit lumpy and bumpy on top and
put that on there now I'm not going to
use any fat on the surface at the tenets
of nonstick tin it's an all butter
pastry and we've got butter in there so
there really is no danger of them
sticking and simple to liqueur slices in
there so it looks like a traditional
Eccles cake it's five more to go
right these are 9x well I didn't open
myself obviously but my chickens I try
absolutely love ladies okay beautiful
golden yolk peg and I want this to have
a beautiful golden glaze on them and
there we go and just mix that together
and I'm going to just cover these and
it's going to give them that lovely
golden Eccles cake color
and then have to be too careful about
this just across the top like say
brilliant and then just to finish it off
just because I love the texture over the
top just for that extra any but should
be nice yep and into the oven